(Melissa)
Hey‐howdy‐hey,
duel fans!
Hope you're ready!
Oh, I am!
Because we are about to begin
the second day of dueling
in the Friendship Cup!
And to kick things off,
it'll be Officer 227
of the Duel Chaser Division
versus Yuya Sakaki!
So hold onto your hats,
'causethis is sure to be a good
one!
Yuya!
Yuya...
Yuya?
Why does he get
to duel before I do?
Oh wait, I know...
Best looking
goes last.
(knocking)
(beeping)
You're up next...
You can follow
me, Yuya...
Sam, the card
that you gave me.
You want me to win so that I can
give this card back to Jack.
Mmm‐hmm.
But if I win, that means
the person I'm dueling loses.
And that means it's on me
for sending them to that
underground garbage dump.
And that's all sorts
of wrong...
Someone has to
put a stop to this.
So wish me luck, 'cause the one
who's gonna stop it is me!
♪
♪ Hey hey
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone
anywhere any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
And here he comes, duel
buckaroos and buckarettes!
The Duel Chaser who is so
by‐the‐book he goes by a
number,
227!
But many thought his number
was up after a hot pursuit
went cold on National TV!
Let's see if he
can cuff the competition!
Please, he couldn't
even catch a cold.
Give it up for 227!
♪
It's all up to
you now, 227.
Win and your
old job is yours.
Lose and it's to
the underground.
And now, introducing
Yuya Sakaki!
(woman)
You stink!
(boy)
Jack beat you like
you were nothing!
(boy)
It's the master
of disaster!
(man)
Hope you don't
duel like last time.
(man)
Yuya?
More like boo‐ya!
This crowd is so not
showing the love!
Of course not.
You're serving
them meatloaf
when what they
want is filet mignon!
Yuya...
Never mind the crowd,
I'm still rooting for you.
Yeehaw!
We're about to put the pedal
to the medal
and tear up
this ol' track!
(Yuya)
Wait!
What?
Listen...
You all need to
know something!
This Friendship Cup
is not about Friendship!
When a duelist loses, they're
sent away to the underground
where they're forced
into hard labor!
Huh?
What?
And once they're there,
they stay there,
cleaning up trash
against their will
for the rest of
their lives!
So then...
Oh, no!
Everyone who's lost,
Gong, Chojiro,
they're all prisoners?
You see, they'vetricked
us and you!
If Yuya is right...
Then...
Then what?
This doesn't
change a single thing.
Yes.
You see, it is only right that
there are consequences
for those duelists
who lose their matches.
(White)
High stakes create high drama,
and clearly this crowd agrees.
(cheering and chatter)
(gasps)
So naive.
(sighing)
You ain't from
here are you?
This is life
in the big city!
Am I right y'all?
(cheering)
You mean you're
all okay with this?
You bet!
Now, what do
you say?
Let's duel!
It's time to fire up the
Action Field Crossover...
Acceleration!
Wait... this doesn't
make any sense.
(computer)
Duel Mode engaged!
Autopilot activated...
Now, on your mark...
Get set...
And...
go!
Let's duel!
And since 227 has
rounded the corner first
he gets to go first!
Punishing duelists
is wrong!
It goes against everything
dueling stands for!
Sounds like you're just
worried you're gonna lose
and get what's
coming to you!
Yeah, he's chicken.
That's probably why
he lost to Jack Atlas!
I'm not afraid.
I'm standing up for my friends
and you need to listen!
Quit wasting
your breath...
This city only listen
to winners.
They won't turn an ear
until you prove you can win.
So put up or shut up!
Dueling is about
spreading joy, not fear!
(227)
Enough talk!
You and I are here to duel
not to make speeches!
So get yourself ready...
'Cause the long arm of
the law is coming for you!
(cheering)
It's my turn!
And for my first move,
I'm summoning...
Jutte Lord!
Thanks to its
special ability,
I can summon another
Jutte monster!
Come Jutte Fighter!
Level 2 Jutte Fighter...
Tunes Level 4
Jutte Lord!
To catch my prey...
I call a predator.
I Synchro Summon!
Level 6 Goyo Predator!
But I'm not
done yet...
Because now...
I activate
the equip spell...
Goyo Arrow!
And who better to partner it up
with than Goyo Predator!
And this weapon's
locked and loaded!
So my Predator
deals damage...
Equal to a hundred times
its own level!
Predator's
level is six...
So you're gonna
be taking...
600 points
of damage!
I end my turn!
Yee‐ha!
This duel only
just started,
but this
copper's in hot pursuit
and already chased down
a heaping helping
of Yuya's life points!
Now time to
see your moves...
Or are you just going to bore
us all with more talk?
(Yuya)
Fine, I guess my dueltaining
will have to change their minds.
All right then...
It's showtime!
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 3 Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Light Phoenix...
and my Scale 8 Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Unicorn!
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
But I know you're
sick of all my talking,
so don't take my
word for it...
See for yourself!
My monsters
are ready...
to swing into action!
Seeing' is believin'
Performapal
Bot‐Eyes Lizard!
Light up the night
Performapal Fireflux!
And now, ladies
and gentlemen...
Grab your popcorn and
don't you dare blink
because the real
show is starting now!
Here we go!
Bot‐Eyes Lizard
attack Goyo Predator!
But that Predator
has 2,400 attack points
and Yuya's Lizard
only has 1,600!
This may be
a short show!
Next I activate Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Unicorn's
Pendulum ability!
It lets me add a
Performapal's attack points
to an Odd‐Eyes
that's battling!
What are you
talking about?
Your Odd‐Eyes isn't even
the one attacking!
True!
But that's all about to change
due to Bot‐Eyes' ability!
My bow‐tied buddy can
take on a new identity
and the identity it chooses
is, the one, the only,
the show stopping,
Odd‐Eyes Dragon!
And now, Performapal
Fireflux power it up
with those 1,200
attack points!
Now Odd‐Eyes, finish
what Bot‐Eyes started!
And just like that,
Goyo Arrow and Goyo Predator
are Goyo‐gone!
Your turn now, Fireflux,
you helped with
Odd‐Eyes' attack...
Now attack on
your own!
Well, folks, Yuya
promised to put on a show!
And I'd say he certainly has
made good on that so far!
Now that
the battle is over,
the effect of Odd‐Eyes Unicorn's
ability is over, too...
So I'll just go ahead
and end my turn.
This kid is
doing rather well.
Yes.
But it's probably because
he's not facing Jack.
Lucky move!
But luck has a
way of running out...
Whereas my skills as
a duelist don't!
It's my turn!
I activate the spell
Monster Reborn!
And with it...
I'll bring back
Goyo Predator!
Uh‐oh, the Predator
is back...
Now the question is
who its prey will be!
Go Goyo Predator, hunt down
Yuya's Bot‐Eyes Lizard!
Hold your horses...
Yuya's making a move
before that Predator
can make its move!
He's going for
an Action Card!
Don't think so!
Hang in there!
Yuya tried to pickpocket
that there Action Card
but got
served some justice!
What a stopper from
the copper.
This pursuit
isn't over yet...
Your monster may have
been destroyed!
But my Predator
can bring it back!
Huh?
That's right, consider
it commandeered!
Oh, my...
Yuya's monster has flipped
andis fighting for the other
side!
Go Bot‐Eyes, do some damage
and light up that Fireflux!
I'll end my
turn right there...
Sufferin' sarsaparillas!
Yuya's life points sure took
a walloping that round!
I'm down... but
there's no way that I'm out!
The show must
go on!
Once again, my
monsters are ready...
To swing into
action!
Welcome back, Fireflux!
Good to see you again,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Yuya may be lacking
in life points,
but this move is
quite the show stopper!
Due to Odd‐Eyes Unicorn's
special ability,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon will
gain Fireflux's attack points,
so when Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
uses its own special ability
and deals
double damage,
Officer 227 will really
feel the burn!
Yuya can with
this match right here!
Blast him, Yuya!
(man)
Take him down!
It all comes down
to this...
One attack
and it's over!
(Melissa)
It all comes down
to this...
One attack
and it's over!
(crowd chanting)
Do it! Do it!
Finish him, Yuya!
(man)
Throw the book
at him!
Send him
underground!
(man)
That Copper don't
deserve to win!
He's nothing but garbage!
(cheering and jeering)
(Yuya)
If I attack,
I'll win...
But that means I'll be sending
him to the underground
for a life of hardship.
You should've attacked
when you had the chance!
Ha, and it's
all mine!
Well, hog‐tie a huckleberry
and fetch the sheriff!
227 has snagged
an Action Card!
Check this out!
I play Battle Lock!
And you're no longer allowed
to attack this turn!
Your lock on the win
has been locked up!
That's what Yuya
gets for hesitating.
You call
this a show?
I end my turn.
When a duelist
loses the crowd,
it's usually not long before
he loses the match...
Yuya...
You punk kid!
It's time I teach
you the rule of law!
Get ready!
I summon Stygian Security
from my hand!
Then I'll tune Level 1
Stygian Security with your‐‐
I mean my Level 4
Bot‐Eyes!
You may not respect the badge,
but you will learn
to respect this mighty
and magnificent enforcer!
I Synchro Summon!
Goyo chaser,
front and center!
But I'm not done...
Oh, no...
As I said,
Yuya...
You will now learn
the rule of law!
I activate the spell card
Polymerization!
Yuya, this next card is a
gift from a certain someone...
A someone who wants to make
sure you crash and burn!
I Fusion Summon!
Now, bow to the ultimate
authority figure!
Bow down to
Goyo Emperor!
I do not believe it!
Since when did Officer 227
know how to Fusion Summon?
That's some gift...
I wonder who
gave him that card?
All right...
Goyo Emperor, slay Yuya's
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Blazing Breath
Blast!
(Melissa)
That some seriously
bad breath!
Goyo Emperor's
special ability activates!
Pardoning the destruction of
your Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
My, Yuya got lucky!
Don't get
used to it.
That monster's now under
my jurisdiction!
(gasps)
How's that for laying
down the law, Yuya?
Now, maybe the next time you
think about crossing me,
you'll think twice!
Go, Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon...
Attack Fireflux!
(groans)
And Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
has a new special ability
that I'm sure you're
quite familiar with.
Instead of
destroying Fireflux,
I can now commandeer
that blazing bug!
Oh, my...
Yuya's two monsters have
turned against him!
(man)
One more attack
and he's through!
(man)
This duel's over!
Finish him, 227!
Prepare to be
processed, Yuya!
If losing is part of your
shtick, you need new material.
Yuya...
That's right, you all know that
if you mess around with the law,
the law doesn't
mess around!
♪
Go, Fireflux
attack Yuya directly!
It's time to close
the case on this duel!
Light Phoenix's Pendulum
ability activates!
When you attack
me directly...
I can destroy
Odd‐Eyes Unicorn
to summon Odd‐Eyes Light
Phoenix by my side!
(Melissa)
And just like that Yuya has
whipped out a monster
that's stronger
than Fireflux!
Looks like our copper's
gonna have to let Yuya
walk away a free man!
A last minute pardon...
I end my turn!
So Yuya gets one more
chance to turn things around...
And turn around this crowd
that seems to despise him...
Can he do it?
We're about to
find out!
Time to watch
a rising star!
(laughs)
I activate the spell:
Double Reborn Level 4!
We both bring back one Level 4
monster from our graveyards
and place them
in defense mode!
What are you up to?
You'll see!
Fine then, if I have
to, I'll bring back...
Level 4 Jutte Lord!
And I'll revive my Level 4
Performapal Bot‐Eyes Lizard!
Thanks to Bot‐Eyes's
special ability...
I'll have it
become Odd‐Eyes Dragon!
But there's more...
Next by tributing
Light Phoenix...
I can evolve
Odd‐Eyes Dragon...
And that's some
bad news for you!
You are all talk!
No.
Talking didn't
work, remember?
Now I'm all action.
And you're all but defeated,
'cause this duel's showstopper
is finally here...
And it's here to stop
you, Officer 227!
Introducing Odd‐Eyes
Saber Dragon!
Saber Dragon attack Jutte Lord
with all of your might...!
Big deal‐‐
Is that all ya got?
No, it's not...
'Cause now Odd‐Eyes Saber
Dragon's ability activates!
When Odd‐Eyes Saber Dragon
destroys your monster in battle,
it's allowed to destroy
another one of your monsters!
No way!
Say goodbye to
Goyo Emperor!
With Goyo Emperor outta
the way, its special ability...
is gone, too!
(gasps)
Without Goyo Emperor's
ability in play,
Yuya gets
his monsters back!
Whoa!
He's got the goods!
Yeah, Never
woulda thunk it!
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
attack 227 directly!
An Action Card!
There are two
Action Cards up ahead!
If 227 gets 'em, he still has
achance to get out of this
mess!
Who will get
to them first?
That Action Card's...
All mine!
Oh, yeah!
I play...
Evasion!
Well, I got
the spell No Action!
It negates your
Action Card,
so there's no
evading my attack now!
(gasping)
(roaring)
(cheering)
And we have
our winner!
Yuya...
You won...
But that means another
duelist is sent underground.
(Jean)
Well, well, well...
You say that
the Friendship Cup is bad,
but it seems you had
no qualms winning.
(cheering)
Congratulations, Yuya!
Just listen
to that crowd.
They absolutely
adore you!
Way to walk to the walk
instead of talk the talk.
(crowd chanting)
Yuya, Yuya, Yuya!
(woman)
Way to go!
(man)
Well done!
227 was a chump.
(man)
He's gone
for good!
Oh, no...
They don't get it...
They still don't see
that dueling
is supposed to be for fun.
(groaning)
Hold on...
Wait, stop!
Don't do it!
Don't take him to
the underground.
It's wrong!
(straining)
No!
You can't!
You're making
a mistake!
♪ You vs. me,
competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and
make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn,
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will
you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪